Are you Oh Gwang-tae?
-Yes, what's your problem?
-What?
-Hey, give me back my hat.
-Just a minute.
Hey.
What do you think you're doing?
Check upstairs.
Lim Soo-ho!
Drop the gun!
Stay away.
Drop the gun in three seconds,
or she's dead.
One.
Two.
Three.
Are you saying they're
holding people hostage in the dorm?
In the middle of Seoul?
Are you sure it's Taedong River 1?
Just crush him without anyone knowing.
The priority of this operation is
to rescue the chairman's daughter.
All of us might end up dying.
Listen very carefully.
One of the hostages will die right now.
Plan B is the only option now.
Kill them all if need be.
So you're really
a spy from the North? Did I really
save a spy?
I'm warning you.
BONUS
Yeong-ro.
Everyone's ready.
-Hurry, Yeong-ro!
-Come on, Yeong-ro!
All right. Turn your shoulders.
And make sure you show your faces.
-Closer.
-Okay.
-Hurry up.
-Smile.
All right. There we go. One, two, three!
Translated by [Wayne Ryu]